propose changes to best practices (#252)
NeurodataWithoutBorders/nwbinspector: docs/best_practices/nwbfile_metadata.rst

The ``age`` of a :nwb-schema:ref:`sec-Subject` should use the :wikipedia:`ISO 8601 Duration <ISO_8601#Durations>`
format. For instance indicating an age of 90 days would be 'P90D'. It is not necessary to include both ``age`` and
``date_of_birth``, but at least one of them is required by the DANDI Archive and recommended in general.

If the precise age is unknown, an age range can be given by "[lower bound]/[upper bound]" e.g. "P10D/P20D" would mean

> that the age is in between 10 and 20 days. If only the lower or upper bound is known, "**" can be used to indicate a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that the age is in between 10 and 20 days. If only the lower bound is known, then including only the slash after that lower bound can be used to indicate a
```

With the 'or' there interpreting as the usual inclusive form, I do not like the open possibility of having the age field be `**/**`, unless that is intended to have some interaction with the upcoming `age.reference` field?

Otherwise, I think it's fair to make the lower bound required in our manually defined syntax here, with only the upper bound being optional with the `**`.

> missing bound. For instance, "P90Y/**" would indicate that the age is 90 years or older.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
missing bound. For instance, "P90Y/" would indicate that the age is 90 years or older.
```
